User Requirement
The user needs to define customer expectations in terms of objectives, environment, constraints, and measures of the effectiveness of the system. 
The main users in this system are money depositors and cash withdrawals people, bill payment people, and administrators.
•	Operational set- up:
ATMs can significantly increase revenue for retailers, financial institutions, the hospitality industry, the sports industry and much more. 
Let's look at some of the businesses, industries, and locations where ATM placement works best. Banks, credit unions, and other financial institutions are among the first places people look for an ATM, Nightclubs and Bars, Hotels, Grocery Stores, Gas Stations, Festivals and Events, Casinos, Dispensaries.
•	Mission:
ATM is a specialized computer that makes it easy for a bank account holder to manage funds.
It allows a person to check account balances, withdraw or deposit money, print out a statement of account activities or transactions, and even purchase stamps.
The main objective of this project is to provide fingerprinting as an authorized identity and to create a more secure ATM system There are several items located throughout the city that provide easy access to customer accounts.
The financial institution to which the transaction takes place will issue a customer an ATM card and provide a Personal Identification Number (PIN) with the card for authorization to access their account. 
But at present, PIN security is not sufficient to ensure the security of the customer's account. Also, the PIN number is not easy to remember and cannot be identified by people who do not know the concept.
And a lot of people disbelieve Pins. We need to find a way to increase account security and authentication. For that we can use biometric features. 
Fingerprint, face biometric features. The choice of biometrics depends on the requirements and verification of the application. Selection is based on fingerprints and faces.
•	Utilization:
Fingerprint Based ATM is a desktop application that uses the user's fingerprint authentication. Fingerprint minutiae features vary from person to person so that the user can be uniquely identified. ATM Cards Instead of using fingerprint-based ATM cards, ATMs are safer and more secure.
Features
	Login: - User will login to the system using his fingerprint. 
	Add Pin Code: - User must add pin code to do transactions.
	Withdrawal of cash: - User can withdraw cash by entering the amount he wants to withdraw.
	View Balance: - User can view balance which is available in his respective account
•	Effectiveness:
ATM is a must have item for all people. With the use of ATMs, people can make financial transactions in their daily lives and perform various related activities.
The most common authentication mechanism used in ATMs has long been the card with a PIN for secure transactions. 
But with the advancement of technology today, it is important for security ATMs to overcome the problem, as banking and ATM users are waking up and fearful.
This study analyzes recent and popular authentication mechanisms related to ATM security and recommends a good solution from past studies to increase ATM security during the ATM certification process and to protect the ATM machine from illegal physical activity.
This study compares different authentication mechanisms, including the classic PIN method, and recommends the best solution by weighing four key attributes: security performance, accuracy, cost, and flexibility in terms of security.
Based on the total scores weighed by the comparison, this study recommends a safe solution as a combination of two methods from previous studies.
A two-step verification system with PIN and Fingerprint or OTP with S-code has been identified as the best solution for authentication, as it is highly secure and flexible to users, and another mechanism with GPS and sensors was recommended to protect against illegal physics. 
To provide activism and follow-up capability.
